
RELEASE NOTES
---------------

John Field
07/11/2013

Changes included in this version:

1.  Successfully deploying and starting this version of the MyTime application requires that the 
Pivotal Security Interceptor be installed in the target Apache Geronimo container's repository.  
This should be done prior to deployment of the EAR.  Detailed instructions for how to build the
interceptor and install it into the container repository can be found in the README.md available 
on this page:  https://github.com/johnpfield/psi-jee

2. Added the necessary markup to the ejb-jar.xml deployment descriptor in order to configure the 
Pivotal Security Interceptor on the MyTimeBean EJB interface. 

3. Added an argument of type String to each of the methods included in the public 
interface MyTimeLocal.  This argument can be any arbitrary String and has no effect on the 
processing, except that it is echoed back to the user's browser.  The reason for including
it is that it can be examined and logged by the associated EJB 3 interceptor.

4.  Consistent with the above, a change was made to the file /WEB-INF/index.jsp to pass an 
arbitrary String argument whenever invoking the MyTimeBean's EJB interface methods.  

5. Added the Pivotal Security Interceptor as a Maven dependency in the POM file, /mytime-ejb/pom.xml.
There is a new dependency for the PSI jar, as well as a new <plugin> element referenced within the 
<build>/<plugins> element.  The maven-jar-plugin, when used with the configuration shown, ensures that 
the psi-jee-1.0.0.jar will be included on Classpath: entry within the MANIFEST.MF file that is 
bundled into the EJB jar file that is produced by the build.

6. Added a new Maven profile, which can be invoked via -P pivotal, i.e. run the Maven build using:

   $ mvn clean install -P pivotal

This will build the EAR file, but bypasses building the Geronimo plug-in artifacts.  
In the previous release we used the profile -P no-plugin.  These are currently the same.  
However, anticipating that we may have additional build specializations going forward, 
a dedicated profile was introduced. 

 